oh you're really excited to go to Ikea
I'm so hype you we have been dating for
seven months
almost seven months really we've never
feels like forever is that a bad thing
no it feels like one day that's to say
sorry dating for about seven months
we've never been to Ikea before have you
ever been to Ikea no but there's a mean
that relationships end at IKEA exactly
so this is the kid our relationship
survived IKEA test because I know it's
insane that you've never been to Ikea
that I'm nervous yeah well what makes
you think I've ever died here
you just never said that
you ever been to Ikea here's a dull LA
apartment my apartments in New York City
and in New York City there is kind of
good setup too early you can have a desk
and I can have a desk 70 percent of the
time were with each other were working
at your place we have durable setup
where we literally just sit across from
each other and stare into each other's
eyes so it would be cool to have two
deaths Oh be nice yeah so close so we're
like we're right across from each other
and it's not really room on the desk or
- right it's not natural
Wow so are you saying you enjoy I love
your company I wish your company was
there even more often than there was
it's already 24/7 wishes are more
somehow 24:9 it does make a big
difference when you have a home to come
to that feels like home especially since
we work from home and from the world
absolute then we have so much stuff with
us at times - and we just pretty much
make a mess at each other's apartments
it would be nice to have like some sort
of storage at each other's apart yes I
would say can I get a drawer I'm asking
yes do me the honor of giving me a
drawer at your apartment
look at those flags Adam look at
all the people
okay so we're stupid we thought it would
be a good idea on a Saturday to country
we just completely your idea you're like
dude I feel the same I lied dude you're
the one this is just gonna make the
Triads a pretty good challenge it's over
well I did notice like you included a
it's an amusement we're facing
it's 5:14 there's three things on the
list
that's Shira and also at rest and sorry
to see how long it takes and how many
things we actually get I hate so much
when dogs like themselves
there's so gene stupid hey John
you're my best friend trying you're out
of control you need to collapse let's
keep this sighs let's get this whole
thing
[Music]
I'd love getting stuff for apartments
and so even though we're only getting
three things I'm like do I need
something for my New York apartment what
a bite our friggin thing God is social
media you care about oh look a product
you've got it going on Sarah will you
marry T I used to Skype you
I just Tina you're just one spicy hot -
bajalia here I like how you're finding
your inner Eliza and I was like not
Jasmine that Jasmine she's a jerk Sarah
would you still love me if I was a ball
man your hair is my favorite part of you
oh now my personality nope there's never
been to Ikea you see something you like
a picture of the bag then we go get it
it's time to go get all this stuff
[Music]
this is your moment Wow traffic jam
traffic jam traffic jam you just slid
into the aisle to pick between like no
one's busy those muscles whoa I worked
out before Mike wants aisle 16 been 24
where are you 24 then 24 then 24 it been
been 24 who's been guy you keep talking
about it's been 24 29 about then I'm
talking about Eric I'm sorry I wasn't
talking about Ben or Eric I was talking
about nah man alright strong mailman not
mailman but a mil so it's been 24 it's 2
0 2 8 8 2 o 2.88 7.36 you lost me at
hello this is I think this is a table
talk we need see it matches we solved
the ikea riddle
[Music]
IKEA is the best dude I'm gonna get a
sin of the cinnamon button if I get food
while the wave here the cars loaded up
it's 6:10 really about three items I ate
a Cinnabon a cinnamon bun so fast that I
didn't even film it may engulf it what
happened to the center of this the
center of a cinnamon bun is the best
right that is the one piece that I
dropped on the ground I mean like it was
so tragic for you
[Music]
you're wondering why the terrible puns
well just like every other youth of
America we were trying to be like Liza
Koshi wow you look so dramatic with this
lighting so um that was not bad
no no no no yeah end of everything did I
can't make us want to kill each other
I think it did drive a wedge between us
but not enough to break down it
definitely hurt us a little bit is there
something I don't know about it I felt
it right we walked in there I was like
this overcoming the sense of
[Music]
especially 10 p.m. maybe we're gonna do
some IKEA building an organization
though say good night I'm about to head
to a new place it's not New York it's
not another adventurers throughout
California you're gonna have to keep up
with these videos to know where I'm
going next remember to check out the
daily podcast the daily peach it's
happening on the daily every single bit
linked in the description below for
anchor and it's an iTunes podcast and
Google Play anywhere what high-tops can
be found thanks for hanging out with
John and me today if you've had any
crazy experiences at IKEA
I feel like it's such an iconic place
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week stay peachy
okay
[Music]
you